DOCS-7395 Proxy updates per feedback (#203)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/install-manual.adoc

[%header,cols="3*a"]
|===
|Parameter | Description | Example

> | `RTF_HTTP_PROXY` | A hostname and port for a HTTP proxy server to forward outbound HTTP requests. | `http://1.1.1.1:80`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RTF_HTTP_PROXY` | A hostname and port to which an HTTP proxy server forwards outbound HTTP requests. | `http://1.1.1.1:80`
```

> | `RTF_MONITORING_PROXY` | A hostname and port, and optional username and password, for a SOCKS5 proxy server to forward metrics and logs to Anypoint Monitoring. | `socks5://user:pass@1.1.1.2:800`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RTF_MONITORING_PROXY` | A hostname, port, and optional username and password to which a SOCKS5 proxy server can forward metrics and logs to Anypoint Monitoring. | `socks5://user:pass@1.1.1.2:800`
```
